in the first five minutes a plane
crashes into a valley neighborhood a
live look right now as crews are
removing parts of the plane CBS 5 News
has a crew on the scene new details
tonight on what went wrong a frightening
scene in a Chandler neighborhood after a
plane crashes into a house I ran around
the corner and saw the plane sitting
there both wings were on fire the street
was on fire
incredible pictures as a plane literally
split in two as it made a crash landing
several homes were damaged trees knocked
down and debris was scattered all
throughout the neighborhood amazingly
the pilot survived and no one on the
ground was seriously hurt we were the
first to bring you those late-breaking
news pictures this afternoon the plane
crashed just west of stellar air park
near McClintock in just north of the 202
and spinning you around a bit looking
south now at the top of your screen from
News Hawk 5 you can see just how close
the air park runway is to the home where
it crashed we mapped it out and it's
about three-quarters of a mile
CBS 5s Peter bush has been on the scene
all evening and joins us now with the
very latest on what may have caused that
plane to go down Peter Catherine great
night to be live in late-breaking check
it out the fuselage of the plane being
towed on to a semi as we speak this is
after six hours of it being wedged
between a block wall finally they're
moving the pieces of the of the puzzle
and they're going to start figuring out
what exactly happened
just wondering how the plane ended up in
this position is enough to make you
scratch your head right on the edge here
and to see the fascia board is missing
that's right the plane crashed into one
roof skipped off another and still had
enough steam to take out a tree and a
truck before spinning around and backing
into the block wall I thought it was a
microburst or a tornado or something
because it was a huge impact and a
incredibly loud sound ran in the
backyard and saw the neighbor's house
yard was on fire
the pilot was kind of he was coherent
but didn't realize what had just
happened witnesses said the pilot just
had a few bumps and bruises they also
told us he had mentioned something about
losing power right after taking off from
the nearby air park he had hit the
opposite corner of our house we wouldn't
be here talking to you I can tell you
that for sure so it was kind of amazing
from that perspective we checked with
investigators about other incidents with
planes from stellar air park in recent
years they told us there's only been a
few and they were all minor folks here
feel like they dodged a bullet
I'm never gonna move because one of the
odds that a plane would hit the same
house twice well they're just getting
started with the cleanup they're gonna
be here all night FAA investigators like
to take their time and make sure they
look at all of the evidence at the scene
obviously one thing we were told by
witnesses this coming from the pilot who
they helped he said he had some problems
with his fuel line but all that will be
determined as the investigation unfolds
and we'll be sure to let you know what
happened but everyone's ok just a really
bizarre afternoon in this Chandler
neighborhood
reporting live Peter bush CBS 5 News